Implementing BASH scripts for managing the Docker container for the MediaFlux server (#79)
pulibrary/tiger-data-app: README.md

`bin/vite dev`

#### MediaFlux Server

Docker is currently used to manage and run deployments of the MediaFlux server used for development environments.

> In order to retrieve or update the Docker Image, please invoke the following. Note that one will need to retrieve the credentials for the Docker Registry from [LastPass](https://lastpass.com):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to retrieve or update the Docker Image, please invoke the following. You will be prompted to provide credentials for the registry which we've saved in [LastPass](https://lastpass.com):
```

```bash

> $ bin/docker/bin/pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker/bin/pull
```

```

Then, in order to start a deployment of the MediaFlux server, please then invoke:

```bash

> $ bin/docker/bin/start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker/bin/start
```
